# P1_CoinfectionShedding_2018

<!-- badges: start -->
<!-- badges: end -->

The goal of P1_CoinfectionShedding_2018 is to analyse data collected from a co-infection challenge experiment conducted in summer 2018. Further deatils below...  

Data and scripts used for analysis are available in a GitHub repository  

https://github.com/bea-22/P1_CoinfectionShedding_2018 

Questions and comments can be tracked under the issues tab or emailed to bryony.allen@liverpool.ac.uk. 

METADATA
============
**title (project):** 

"From individual behaviour to population-level transmission: bridging disease ecology scales with the amphibian pathogens."

**title (sub-project):** 

“Infection burden and output (shedding) from individuals exposed to two pathogens under different exposure scenarios (single pathogen vs. coinfection) for three species of larval amphibians (*Bufo bufo*, *Rana temporaria* and *Alytes muletensis*) 

**authors**:
- name: Bryony E. Allen *
	- affiliation: University of Liverpool and the Zoological Society of London
	- email: bryony.allen@liverpool.ac.uk 
- name: Andy Fenton
	- affiliation: University of Liverpool 
	- email:
- name: Trenton Garner
	- affiliation: Institute of Zoology,  Zoological Society of London
	- email:
- name: Dave Daversa
	- affiliation: University of Liverpool and the Zoological Society of London
	- email:

**date:** 
- collected: 2018-07-01 to 2018-10-30  
- last analysed: 2019-04-01

**location:** 
- experiments: Institute of Zoology, ZSL, UK 
- data: https://github.com/bea-22/P1_CoinfectionShedding_2018 

**ethics: **


PREREQUISITES
============
All code files have been created with RMarkdown and use relative paths.

-- R Markdown -- 

Code scripts have been written in RMarkdown. Scripts include text content as well as embedded R code chunks. Only RMarkdown scripts in the "docs" folder are functional and generate RMarkdown outputs (e.g. .html or .pdf documents) if you click the **Knit** button. Otherwise, RMarkdown has simply been used as a means of recording workflow and comments. R code chunks function as usual in all scripts.  
https://rmarkdown.rstudio.com 
      
-- Relative paths -- 

The working directory will be set automatically to the location of RProj. file. Open the RProj. file and then open all code files within this project. 
The scripts assumes that you have the following subfolders called "code", "data", "doc", "figs", "output", "raw", and "reports" within this directory. To access files in a subfolder use ```../"foldername"/"file"``` 

-- GitHub -- 

https://guides.github.com 


PROJECT LAYOUT 
============

Folders: 
------------------------
"code": contains the R scripts with function definitions 

"data": data cleaned by R scripts (NO raw data!!) which is the input data for all analysis scripts

"docs": contains the summary website RMarkdown and .html file  {{in the future it will contian the manuscript file}} 

"figs": contains figures generated by the analysis 

"output":  all intermediate or output files (e.g. model outputs, processed datasets, etc.) 

"raw": the raw data (e.g. qPCR output files)
	- "raw/sub-folder": sub folder for qPCR .csv's  {{TO BE MADE}}

"reports": contains RMarkdown files that document the analysis or report results outputting .pdf, .word and allsorted other docs 

"manuscripts": 

"trackers": 

